Add Secrets Provider refresh interval annotations and timer (#426)
cyberark/secrets-provider-for-k8s: PUSH_TO_FILE.md

| K8s Annotation  | Equivalent<br>Environment Variable | Description, Notes |
|-----------------------------------------|---------------------|----------------------------------|
| `conjur.org/authn-identity`         | `CONJUR_AUTHN_LOGIN`  | Required value. Example: `host/conjur/authn-k8s/cluster/apps/inventory-api` |

> | `conjur.org/container-mode`         | `CONTAINER_MODE`      | Allowed values: <ul><li>`init`</li><li>`application`</li><li>`side-car`</li></ul>Defaults to `init`.<br>Must be set (or default) to `init` or `side-car`for Push to File mode.|

Reviewer: Typo, `side-car` should be single word `sidecar`. Same throughout the rest of the changes.
Also, we should consider making the `sidecar` option the default, but probably should discuss with Alex.

Author: thanks for catching that, updated.

| `conjur.org/secrets-destination`    | `SECRETS_DESTINATION` | Allowed values: <ul><li>`file`</li><li>`k8s_secrets`</li></ul> |
| `conjur.org/k8s-secrets`            | `K8S_SECRETS`         | This list is ignored when `conjur.org/secrets-destination` annotation is set to **`file`** |
| `conjur.org/retry-count-limit`      | `RETRY_COUNT_LIMIT`   | Defaults to 5
| `conjur.org/retry-interval-sec`     | `RETRY_INTERVAL_SEC`  | Defaults to 1 (sec)              |
| `conjur.org/debug-logging`          | `DEBUG`               | Defaults to `false`              |

> | `conjur.org/secrets-refresh-enabled`| Note\* | Defaults to `false`. Secrets Provider will exit with error if this is explicitly set to `false` and `conjur.org/secrets-rotation-interval` is explicitly set. |

Reviewer: I prefer what you have here: having the `secrets-refresh-enabled` setting simply default to `false`, rather then defaulting to `true` or `false` depending upon whether `secrets-refresh-enabled` is explicitly set.  The latter way is more convenient in some ways, but it's MUCH more difficult to document. I think we need to get an okay from Alex on this, since I think his expectation is the latter.

Author: The implementation does not require a `true` if the ` secrets-refresh-interval` set. So this needs to be updated still.

> | `conjur.org/secrets-refresh-interval`           | Note\* | Set to a valid duration string as defined [here](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration). Valid time units are `s`, `m`, and `h` (for seconds, minutes, and hours, respectively). Some examples of valid duration strings:<ul><li>`5m`</li><li>`2h30m`</li><li>`48h`</li></ul>The minimum refresh interval is 1 second. A refresh interval of 0 seconds is treated as a fatal configuration error. The maximum refresh interval is approximately 290 years. |

Reviewer: Before "The minimum refresh interval is 1 second", it should also say "The default refresh interval is 5 minutes."

Author: Added.

> | `conjur.org/secrets-refresh-interval`           | Note\* | Set to a valid duration string as defined [here](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration). Valid time units are `s`, `m`, and `h` (for seconds, minutes, and hours, respectively). Some examples of valid duration strings:<ul><li>`5m`</li><li>`2h30m`</li><li>`48h`</li></ul>The minimum refresh interval is 1 second. A refresh interval of 0 seconds is treated as a fatal configuration error. The maximum refresh interval is approximately 290 years. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `conjur.org/secrets-refresh-interval`           | Note\* | Set to a valid duration string as defined [here](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration). Valid time units are `s`, `m`, and `h` (for seconds, minutes, and hours, respectively). Some examples of valid duration strings:<ul><li>`5m`</li><li>`2h30m`</li><li>`48h`</li></ul>The minimum refresh interval is 1 second. A refresh interval of 0 seconds is treated as a fatal configuration error. The maximum refresh interval is 100 years. |
```

to match https://github.com/cyberark/secrets-provider-for-k8s/pull/426/files#diff-1a2f43d8162d071687f1a5864ce5b6b825e9f25d5a74a1df1c218bbbfe597a33R25

Author: Hmm, would it be better to leave this and change the default timeout?

Reviewer 2: I don't think it makes much of a difference, 100 or 290.

Author: Based on other offline conversation, I'm removing the timeout so this is no longer an issue.
